Pages must continue to work when style sheets are disabled: for example, 
do not use tricks where the same words are repeated multiple times with 
small offsets to create shadow effects (without the intended style, the 
text turns into gibberish). Retaining a decent presentation without the 
style sheet is mandatory to support users with older browsers, blind users, 
and users who need to disable the style feature in their browser 
(either because of bugs or because your style conflicts too much with 
their preferences). Luckily, it is very easy to check conformance with 
this rule: simply disable style sheets in your browser and reload the page.

Do not use more than two fonts (plus possibly a third for special text 
like computer code ). Remember the lesson from the early days of desktop 
publishing: using a lot of fonts simply because you can will result in a 
ransom-note look. Typically, you can use one typeface for body text and 
another, bolder, face for headings. Note that it is fine (indeed, 
recommended) to use a long list of alternate fonts in the style sheet 
specification for a given class of text: the user's browser will pick 
the first available font in the list and use it throughout your pages, 
meaning that the user will see a single font, making the site feel 
typographically unified. It is important that lists of font names have 
the fonts listed in the same order, since the browser picks the first 
one it has available.

Do not use absolute font sizes; instead specify all text relative to 
the base font size defined by the user's preference setting. For example, 
large text could be defined as "200%", meaning that it would be set as 24 
point if the user preferred 12 point for body text and 20 point if the user 
preferred 10 point for body text. Whether people prefer large or small 
fonts depends on a variety of questions, including the size and resolution 
of their monitors and the user's eyesight. It is somewhat annoying to visit 
a website where the text is too small for comfortable reading under my 
circumstances, but it is very annoying to click on the "make text bigger" 
button and have nothing happen because the font sizes were defined as an 
absolute number of points.

Do not use the !important attribute to override the user's settings. 
It is hard to imagine cases where you are justified in ignoring the user's 
preferences if the user felt strongly enough to use his or her own 
!important rating, so !important should be reserved for user style sheets.

If you have multiple style sheets, then make sure to use the same CLASS 
names for the same concept in all of the style sheets. Content creators 
using two or more style sheets will be confused if different CLASSes are 
used for the same thing or if one style sheet has a CLASS that is missing 
in the other style sheet even though the concept applied in both cases. 
If, for example, you have a CLASS for the name of the author of a document, 
hen all of your style sheets should have this CLASS, even though it may 
be defined to render differently, as appropriate for the different kinds 
of documents.